These need to be added to  the task list and we are going to develop projects from them:

Planning: I need to plan today and the week, and then the time until ethdenver and the time until Taiwan [2025-02-02]

Programming: I need to come up with a task plan for today what goals I want to meet [2025-02-02]

Fitness:


-----

We are going to develop a 'routine.txt' file 

# Routine.txt

reset the house: clean kitchen
reset the house: reset office
reset the house: Wipe down the boards
reset the house: Drink a bunch of water
reset the house: clean clothes
reset the house: Start documents
reset the house: Start exercising
Exercise: reset tools - set up video
exercise: spread out tools
exercise: sweep the floor
exercise: spin the timer
exercise: start moving
exercise: stop exercising
reset the house:  hit weed (build it in to control it) ## see notes on addiction

## Drug addiction
I have a drug addiction, that is currently active (I was sober for 3.5 months, then someone waved a joint in front of me and three weeks later I crumbled. I was good until then, and recovering).

Goal is to delay weed until after exercise. We want to get heart rate up before weed.  ( this did not happen today and is beyond my control once I start - at the moment. Death spiral.)

Ok so - what is happening is the weed increases my heart rate - alot. This makes it easier to think 'energetically' - which is the sort of optimistic whooha you see sometimes around artists. Everything is golden, everything is beautiful.

Its not very productive, but its very iterative, and that is useful for development. 

Normal life - its difficult to maintain that energy unless I am having terrible relations with a woman. That is not very productive, and its a challenge. I have found that - generating that energy in my body, prior to starting work, and then carrying it through the routine, and returning to it as needed to regain focus and directional determination. 

Yoga has alot to say about this (thank the lord for yoga) - but its too much for here. You train your destination into destiny by making your destination your anchor in reality.

The mind wanders, and sometimes we must wrestle it into its seat. Othertimes we have to pick it up and throw water on it.  This has been the solution the whole time but implementing it, on my own, basically impossible. I literally had to go to the otherside of the world, but I came back to my zone and a trigger gave me the excuse to figure out a way to excuse myself. 

I have two tiggers - lack of routine and need to break tension.  

The goal is to selectively trigger the 'pot response' as a physical response to the need to work, through a circuit based work out routine. Therefore reducing the mechanical need on the weed. Problem is - I am still smoking. To eliminate the habit, I have to skip it on the list, and I have to focus on that transition. 

But the solution is routine and that is what weed destroys. The discipline around routine. So the routine building has to happen before the weed - problem is, we have to build the routine high and then hand it back to sober mike. Only way to do that is fixed, static, transaction. Do this, thne this, done. 

So this needs to be developed


-----


